2025-26 Project
You have to work on the Trending YouTube dataset. (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VuI1NnPzYlhHIMBy-2nBegFoQTATbf8K/view?usp=sharing)

Notes
It is mandatory to use GitHub for developing the project.
The project must be a jupyter notebook.
There is no restriction on the libraries that can be used, nor on the Python version.
All questions on the project must be asked in the Discussion forum on the course website.
At most 3 students can be in each group. You must create the groups by yourself. You can use the Discussion forum to create the groups.
You do not have to send me the project before the discussion.
You do not have to prepare any slides for the discussion.
You can use AI tools, but you have to describe in the notebook how you have used such tools and you have to show that you have fully understood everything that you have in your project.

1. Create a single dataframe with the concatenation of all input csv files, adding a column called country
4. Save all rows with disabled comments and disabled ratings, or that have video_error_or_removed in a new dataframe called excluded, and remove those rows from the original dataframe.

[Nicole]
2. Extract all videos that have no tag.
3. For each channel, determine the total number of views
5. Add a like_ratio column storing the ratio between the number of likes and of dislikes
6. Cluster the publish time into 10-minute intervals (e.g. from 02:20 to 02:30)
7. For each interval, determine the number of videos, average number of likes and of dislikes.

[Matt]
8. For each tag, determine the number of videos. Notice that tags contains a string with several tags.
9. Find the tags with the largest number of videos
10. For each (tag, country) pair, compute average ratio likes/dislikes
11. For each (trending_date, country) pair, the video with the largest number of views

[Mery]
12. Divide trending_date into three columns: year, month, day
13. For each (month, country) pair, the video with the largest number of views
14. Read all json files with the video categories
15. For each country, determine how many videos have a category that is not assignable